Problem Statement

Competitor’s Website：BOSS直聘 https://www.zhipin.com/guangzhou/

Boss Direct Recruitment is a free recruitment mobile app that focuses on Internet recruitment and job hunting, allowing workplace bosses to chat with job seekers online, and speed up interviews. Users can use chat on the APP to communicate one-on-one with business executives, faster To get an offer. BOSS direct employment is mainly to make profits through the business model of "businesses buying efficiency tools", and is currently actively exploring other directions such as paying for results to increase profits.

 
Persona

The target users of my website "JobME" are for recent graduates who have returned from studying abroad but cannot find a job. The target user age group is 18-25 years old, who are generally born in middle-to-high-income families, have relatively advanced education and have certain learning ability. Users have just returned home, because the epidemic is basically all online courses, and some even interrupted their studies and are at a fork in their lives. How to help the "good eyes and low hands" choose a satisfactory job? How to best pool graduate resources suitable for overseas backgrounds?

The main purpose of the user is to find a job with a suitable salary, suitable for overseas background, strong tolerance, and flat enterprise management on this website. And the job should be a professional counterpart to help users practice what they have learned.

Pain points

1、Users' demand for short and fast browsing

The registration process is too lengthy and does not support guest browsing mode. Most new users want to know whether this APP is suitable for them. In order to enter the APP as soon as possible, the unknown registration process makes the users not be so careful about the information they fill in. The direct recruitment strategy of BOSS is based on the user registration. The information filled in will recommend job applicants' resumes to relevant companies to offset users' dissatisfaction with the cumbersome registration process. This makes it easy to recommend uncompleted users' resumes to relevant companies, making it easy for these users to miss job opportunities.
 

2、Lack of customized services

Recruitment websites on the market generally lack customized personalized services, and are basically resource integration platforms. Therefore, it is difficult for users to experience one-to-one service.

3、Lack of communication communities

Most recruitment websites only establish communication bridges between job seekers and companies, ignoring the communication between companies and companies, job seekers and job seekers. To a certain extent, this setting is based on the consideration of avoiding black-box operations and reducing the risks of both parties, but there is no doubt about the ability of social marketing to promote user consumption. The establishment of this kind of community can also strengthen the communication between job seekers and enterprises.


Needs and Objectives

1、Increase effective and well-intentioned communication between users. You can add a comment area under each position interface, and open the private message function, as well as a community that can post dynamics.
2、Users can find recent graduates with the same experience as themselves on the job search website through the community, and share their experiences

Usability test plan dashboard Dashboard

Results

In this survey, the sample, the respondent, is required to complete the following three tasks:
1. Clarify your needs: position, salary, location;
2. Find positions that meet your needs on BOSS direct employment and communicate with boss/HR;
3. Check the evaluation of the company and look for people with similar backgrounds and similar positions;

In this survey, the characteristics of the respondents are:
Sample 1: Female, 23 years old, graduated from the School of Journalism and Communication of The Chinese University of Hong Kong, currently looking for a job with traditional media, an office in Guangzhou, and less business trips;
Sample 2: Female, 24 years old, graduated from King's College London with a major in advertising. She failed to find a job in an Internet company for many times. She hopes to find an Internet company position in game marketing. She doesn't mind business trips, work locations, etc.;
Sample 3: Male, 26 years old, graduated from the University of Melbourne with a major in media. Due to the epidemic Gap, I hope to find a job that is easier but has more practice, and can accept an internship who does not become a regular employee;
Sample 4: Female, 25 years old, graduated from King’s College London majoring in electronic media. She has already received an autumn offer from an advertising communications company, but she still hopes to find a job in a large Internet company.
Sample 5: Female, 22 years old, graduated from the School of Journalism and Communication of The Chinese University of Hong Kong, hoping to find a new media-related job that can plan offline activities;

After the formal investigation began, in the first task, the five respondents had very clear requirements for their own needs: company size, work content priority, geographic location, salary and benefits, but each sample has its own personality Demand. Everyone can also describe their specific needs in detail and fluently.

In the second task, five investigators opened the BOSS Direct Employment official website, completed the more cumbersome registration process, and began to find their favorite positions. The samples generally report that direct employment by BOSS can meet the basic search requirements, but the registration process takes 2-3mins, and it is necessary to complete the certification of college education. However, in the search process, sample 3 feedback did not see the proportion of online and offline work content, most of the job requirements are relatively vague, so it is very difficult to directly choose, you need to talk to HR to get relevant information. The samples also reflect that HR's feedback speed is still relatively fast, but the answers to questions are still relatively vague.

In the third task, the five recruiters reported that the company’s interface was simple and smooth. The interface also contained basic company information, recruiting positions, salary requirements, etc., but they lacked interactive sections and could not compare with other users. For those with more detailed requirements like Sample 2, I hope to find the comment area on the corporate interface and see the intuitive feedback from other users.

Suggestions

1. Website open the tourist mode or simplify the registration process to facilitate users to browse quickly;
2. Set up a comment area on the website to facilitate user communication and communication.
